---
layout: post
title: "The Gap"
categories: Blog
---

I was washing my blanket today and its a manual washing machine. So, naturally I Poured five buckets of water, and a measured cup of thick conditioner and A scoop full of detergent. I soaked the soft blanket and turned the regulator for fifteen minutes. I placed myself on this slick, cushioned chair and looked at the watch and noted the time. I sat their, jotted down some thoughts on my notes app. I swung my legs before the heater, that my mother was using to warm rigid and crunchy guavas. My stiff cold feet began to get warm and loose, as well as these few guavas. Their sharp scent thickened in the air. I snatched one, daggered it with my teeth,sweet currently puss mingled with the saliva. I chewed on it.

I thought to myself, This is the reason we invented these technologies, the comfort it provides. People used to wash cloths with their bare hand, rubbing, scrubbing, beating the cloths and above all sweating. An activity that's a proper workout. Then the technology guys saw the amount of work women put into washing cloths so they invented washing machine. It still going to take time but you are free for that hour just check on it it, turn the regulator, pour water, and let it wring in the wringer this is the leisure technology is built for.

---
I don't see people in leisure the things that was made for their comforts has made them more restless. Instead of resting and doing nothing in between the gap when the cloths are being washed in the machine, People choose to do other chores because the basic truth about humans is that they are not trained to do nothing. They have to go, one activity after another till they sleep. Neither they stop, nor they have seen anyone, doing nothing, just sitting there, not even thinking. 
---
And result of it is that we can see people are going restless, doing multiple chores at the same time. Mothers do it all the time, now the technology is getting heavy on us. They boil milk, wash cloths, clean utensils, feeding the baby at the same time and still they are busy all day doing one thing or the other because current truth is that we can't stop these activities , its obvious that kids are now from the childhood are having hyper active brains, and restlessness is part of there being now when they see their elders busy in endless activities, they sure follow it as they don't have any correct point of reference that can introduce the right way of living.

---
Why can't we stop these activities just for 10-15 minutes and do nothing, absolutely nothing.  
The loud swirling hum of the washing machine faded into nothingness. The regulator clicked. I put my warm feet again on the cold surface which grew chilled as I moved towards the washing machine. I turned on the rinse mode, all the dirty water gargled through the rinse pipe. After switching of the rinse mode, I pored another five bucket of water and turned the regulator for fifteen minutes.
---

 I sat on the slick, un-naturally cushioned, sofa chair. Swung the feet up and closed my eyes. The swirling hum had its presence which could not bother anyone. if one really listens, its there. The clock was ticking. Rusting part of the room heater was sputtering with sparkling noise every few minutes. I rinsed the blanked one last time and wringed it in the dryer. Hanged it and clipped it outside when the day was pale as the evening clouds. 


