---
layout: post
title: "Work Plan: Creating custom textures."
categories: Blender
---

I am closer then I thought I was. I had this desire to do something in the field of creating`custom textures` like sony did in the spider-man movies, the animated ones. And it was alway existed on the craft level, meaning you can hire different artists to create a custom look.
  
---
  
I had this Idea. What if someone want custom texturing for their film and I could provide a solution that can be done by a sn ingle artist, even who doesn't know painting.
---
  
The solution was to somehow mimic the usual basic textures and the tool calculate the color of the textures and based on that can easily replace the usual textures with the modified custom one like oil painting, or clay, or any desired look.
---
  
And what I have in my mind. Recently came to existence. I saw it in the blender add ons. The tool is Brush stroke, advertised by [Project Gold](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nV_awXI9XJY&t=190s) on youtube and on Blender website. It can fill the already textured model into brush stroke according to the texture you have done and then above that you can draw on the fill layer that mimic your texture into a brush stroke.

---
  
There is another tool called deep paint, that exist in blender market. Its a 50$ add on. I guess monthly. I have to check.
---
  
So, my dream came true, creating something like Brush stroke was something I wanted to do. And its also true that If I had created this tool, It would only be the first step.
  
---
  
1. So, My first step is done, thanks blender foundation.
2. Now the second step is to reverse engineer the tool, and deeply unfold it. creating projects that can push the limit of this tool. It has been done, Project Gold is awesome. Do, check that out. But, still I have to push it in different direction, That I need to figure out.
  
---
  
By the way, the brush stroke tool is really heavy and would hang your pc if the specification is low, or medium. You need a beast of a system to create an environment. So, when I say pushing limit. I am talking about pushing the limits of my pc. I am not competing on the world level (laugh emoji).
  
---
  
First Project is called: Smoker's Dilemma.
visual: A smoker, sitting on a chair smoking, while watching a youtube video on his mobile phone about Quitting smoking.